parallel-lint: add page (#3127)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/parallel-lint.md

# parallel-lint

> A tool to check the syntax of PHP files in parallel.
> More information: <https://github.com/JakubOnderka/PHP-Parallel-Lint>.

- Lint a specific directory:

`parallel-lint {{path/to/directory}}`

> - Lint a directory with the specified number of parallel processes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lint a directory defining the number of parallel processes
```

Reviewer 2: Or even `using the specified number`?

`parallel-lint -j {{processes}} {{path/to/directory}}`

- Lint a directory, excluding the specified directory:

`parallel-lint --exclude {{path/to/excluded_directory}} {{path/to/directory}}`

> - Lint a directory of files using a comma-separated list of extension(s):

Reviewer: ```
Lint a directory of files using a comma-separated list of PHP related extension(s):
```

Author: It can be any extensions. You can define `-e go` if you wanted to. 👍 Personally, I'm not sure it's really necessary to mention that they are PHP related.

Reviewer 2: Same here. Though listing extensions is a bit odd, and not really common practice. Is it a glob-based system, or a literal list of extensions? Perhaps a concrete example might be better here.

Reviewer: I see. 
I thought it was only for PHP files because the description is specific about PHP.
@sbrl I think it is a literal list

> `-e <ext>` Check only files with selected extensions separated by comma. (default: php,php3,php4,php5,phtml,phpt)

Author: Yeah, it's a literal list of extensions that are comma-separated (as mentioned by @andrik). 👍 I'll update the example.
